welcome back to horror recaps today i
will be showing you a horror slash
thriller film from 2017 titled 1922.
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
it is the year 1930.
a man named wilfred james walks through
the streets of omaha
he then checks into a tiny hotel room he
looks around and analyzes the room
then he sits down to write a confession
to a crime he committed eight years ago
in 1922. wolfe lived with his wife
arlette christina winters james and his
son henry freeman james
his wife had 100 acres of land in
hemingford home nebraska to her name
wolfe blames that piece of land as the
culprit that led to his crime
wolff writes that in 1922 a man's pride
was his land and his son
there was nothing to their life except
for these two everything in wolf's life
was going well
but there was just one issue his wife
did not like the farming life
she had always wanted to get away from
it and the 100 acres of her father's
land finally gave her the opportunity
arlet wants to sell the land and move to
omaha where she intends to start a
boutique
wolf would do anything to stop that from
happening wolf is distressed
in frustration he offers to buy the land
from her but wolf doesn't have even a
fraction of the money to buy it
so she offers to divorce him if they
sell both of their lands and split the
money
he asks our let to give him some time to
think it over
wolff also thinks of going to law but he
has come to hate our let so much that he
doesn't want to go that easy on her
one day wolf tells her that he won't let
her sell the land without a fight
the same day he finds henry and his
girlfriend shannon cottery together in
the basement
shannon is their next door neighbor wolf
knows that our led is not fond of henry
and shannon's relationship
he uses that to his advantage whiff
starts to convince henry that his mother
is a villain who wants to take him away
from his father and shannon
one day will fagley tells henry that he
plans to kill our let
slowly but steadily he tries to convince
henry to help him murder his own mother
wolf's words start to get into henry's
head he starts to get distant from his
mother
that night during dinner henry lashes
out at our left he wants her to go so
they can be a family again
arlett slaps him she declares that her
decision to take henry to omaha is
permanent and that no one can stop her
after that night wolf finally convinces
henry to be on his side
a few days later wolf makes arlett
believe that he is ready to go to omaha
with her
he tells her that henry had convinced
him our lead is the happiest she has
been in a long time
she kisses wealth after ages that night
wolff gets her drunk
while she is drunk our let tells henry
how he should have sex with shannon
henry doesn't like her talking about
shannon in such a degrading way
this agitates him ever more arlet passes
out after drinking too much
wolf puts her to bed both the father and
the son know what they have to do now
henry still wishes that there was
another way to solve this but wilfred
convinces him that the only way for him
and shannon to be together is to kill
our lad
the two slowly enter the room henry has
a sack while wealth has a butcher's
knife
henry is saddened by what they are about
to do he wishes his mom goodbye before
suffocating her with a sack
our let tries to resist it but wilfred
stabs her to death
her blood splatters everywhere this was
wolf's biggest crime in life
not only had he killed his wife but made
a son kill his mother all in 1922
after killing her wilf and henry rapper
lets body in the bloodied bed sheet and
bring her outside to throw her in a
dried well
henry passes out midway wolf alone drags
her and throws it into the well
they then go in to clean the blood that
had splattered everywhere
the following morning wolf packs up the
bloodied mattress and some of our let's
belongings to make it seem like she left
on her own
he then throws them in the wall too when
he opens the well's cover
he sees our lit's body infested by rats
one is inside her mouth
the disturbing sight makes wolf nervous
he throws the luggage at the rats in the
hope of getting them away from her body
but it does nothing
wolf hides her disappearance by telling
people that she wasn't happy with him so
she left for
omaha no one suspects him however
the farmington company knew she wanted
to sell her land
so they sent a lawyer to the house to
look for our let wolfe tells him the
same story
the lawyer leaves but wolff knows he is
not going to give up that easily
will thinks of a plan to fill the well
so if someone comes for inspection they
do not find our let's body
the next day he brings out a cow and
makes it fall into the well
with an excuse of burying the cow he and
henry fill the mice infested well with
mud as the two of them rest after
filling it the town sheriff arrives at
their house
the lawyer had sent him he searches the
house for our let
when he is about to leave wolff
confidently invites him to have a look
at the well
but the sheriff dismisses it wolf
narrates that the summer of 1922 was the
best for the crops to grow
he thinks that it is satan rewarding him
for his evil deeds
however henry is severely affected by
our let's death
shannon is worried about henry's change
in behavior wolfe assures her that it is
not the case
suddenly the cows start making a lot of
noise
wolf goes to check and finds the cow
shed infested by rats like our let's
corpse was
he notices the rats coming out of a pipe
the pipe that leads to the well
the site is so disgusting that wilford
vomits he shoves a cloth into the pipe
to block the rats coming out of it
when he comes back to the house he sees
our let's shadow behind him
when it comes near him wolfe realizes
that it is actually henry
the next day he shields the pipe
entirely the following day
henry informs wealth that shannon is
pregnant with his child
henry wants to marry her to keep her
from being humiliated
however wilfred refuses to let him get
married saying that he is too young
just then shannon's father harlan
cottery arrives
he wants to send shannon to a catholic
home in omaha until she gives birth when
she will give the child up for adoption
shannon's stay will cost him 300 he
knows
given wolf has financial problems so he
won't be able to pay half of the money
but harlan he asks him to pay at least
75 dollars
wolf agrees however henry doesn't want
to send shannon off
he suggests to wealth that he and
shannon can run away but wolfe is
against the idea
henry lashes off him saying that he
cannot tell him what to do
he then blames will for his mother's
death the following day
wolf goes through our lead stuff to
search for money she must have saved
to his luck he finds twenty dollars in
her hat now he only needs thirty five
dollars to pay for shannon stay
he decides to take a loan of thirty five
dollars he drives to the bank in his
truck and stays there for a while
but when he comes out with his money his
truck is gone
in its place he finds a note that says
henry has left to look for shannon and
has taken the truck
henry also writes that if wolf tries to
come looking for them or tells the
sheriff
he will expose the truth about our let's
disappearance without any way out of
this
wolf goes back to his home he reads a
book alone that night but our let's
death is constantly on his mind
a drop of blood suddenly drops on his
book when he looks up he sees the
leaking ceiling
it was just a drop of water the
following day
the town sheriff informs wilford of a
robbery in a town
the robbers features matched henry's
however wolff refuses to believe the
sheriff
the leaking ceiling troubles wealth a
lot so he decides to take out a mortgage
of 750
the next day he returns home with the
money and tries to place it on his
cupboard
then all of a sudden a rat bites his
palm wounding it severely
he steps on the rat repeatedly leaving
it squashed and bloodied on the floor
it snows heavily the following day
wolf's wound is infected and is getting
worse
he somehow walks to his truck in heavy
snow but he cannot start it because of
his injured palm
he comes back to the house the door
starts banging continuously
he checks it and sees our left standing
outside the house
terrified wolfe runs inside the house
but our let still follows him
wolf then runs down to the basement but
trips and falls midway
then he sees our let's infected body
come through the door
many rats surround him arlette stands
right in front of him
at the present time wolfe writes that
her ghost whispered secrets to him that
only a dead woman could know
arlet whispers to him that henry has
become a robber
he managed to sneak shannon out of the
catholic home he and his pregnant
girlfriend have become a criminal duo
called the sweetheart bandits
they go from town to town killing and
robbing people hearing how his dearest
son's faith had turned out
wolf begs arlet to stop and just kill
him but she wants to make him suffer
more
she tells him that shannon and her child
died of a gunshot while running away as
henry tried to save her
she tells him about henry's utter sorrow
when he couldn't save his love and his
child
she finishes by telling him how henry
killed himself beside shannon's dead
body
then she blames him for how their life
turned out in despair
wolf listens to her whisper of his son's
death who he cherished the most
a few days later the snow has lessened
will finally goes to a doctor to get his
wound checked
the infection has grown so much that his
arm has to be amputated
after the surgery he sits there in
despair just then the sheriff arrives
and tells him that they had found the
dead body of a woman in a ditch who is
expected to be our let
wolf goes along with the story after a
few days
a train brings henry's corpse to the
town at the station
wolf is surrounded by reporters who ask
him about henry's death
when wolf gets a look at henry's corpse
he is in shock
his face had been eaten by hundreds of
rats before they found his body
wolf kisses henry's corpse on the head
and orders him the finest coffin
at the present time wolff writes that no
father should have to kiss his son for
the last time
but if there is anyone who deserves it
it is him during winter
there is no work on the farm and in
addition to that wolfe is alone at home
drowning in sorrow
he finds it difficult to keep himself
sane with nothing left in his life
wolf tries to sell the 100 acres of land
to shannon's father
but he tells wolf to never come back to
his property again
will then sells it to a livestock
company at a very low price
ironically then moves to omaha the place
he dreaded so much that he killed his
wife for wanting to move there
he gets a job of hauling pallets there
by the time he completes writing his
confession
his hotel room is completely filled with
rats the rats have been tormenting him
ever since our let's death
the corpses of our let henry and sharon
stand in front of him
henry holds the butcher knife wealth had
used to kill our let
the movie ends as wilfred narrates in
the end we all get caught
make sure to subscribe and turn on
notifications so you can watch more
videos like this
thanks for watching
you